docs: add component updates 2026-18 DOC-2782 (#10239)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

  to [Unified Kernel Image (UKI)-based Trusted Boot images](../clusters/edge/trusted-boot/trusted-boot.md), which remain
  on Kairos v3.5.9. This does not impact functionality.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCOM-373 -->

- The [Palette Management Appliance](../enterprise-version/install-palette/palette-management-appliance.md) and
  [VerteX Management Appliance](../vertex/install-palette-vertex/vertex-management-appliance.md) now configure the

>   `/opt/spectrocloud/bin` path into the management appliance ISO, reducing manual configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Palette Management Appliance](../enterprise-version/install-palette/palette-management-appliance.md) and [VerteX Management Appliance](../vertex/install-palette-vertex/vertex-management-appliance.md) ISOs now include `/opt/spectrocloud/bin` in the default `PATH`, making kubectl and Helm immediately available for debugging and operations.
```
I hope I understood the https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCOM-373 task correctly!

  environment variable `INCLUDE_COMPLIANCE_IMAGES`. When the variable is set to `true`, the resulting content bundle
  includes additional container images required for compliance scanning.

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PCOM-255 -->

- The [Artifact Studio](../downloads/artifact-studio.md) UI has been refactored to refer to VerteX as
  [Palette VerteX](../vertex/vertex.md).

#### Bug Fixes

<!-- https://spectrocloud.atlassian.net/browse/PLT-2207 -->

> - Fixed an that caused unnecessary in place updates on the

Reviewer 2: "issue"

> - Fixed an that caused unnecessary in place updates on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue that caused unnecessary in place updates on the
```
